OEP-0055, Project Maintainers (#290)
openedx/open-edx-proposals: README.rst

---------------

To test locally in a Python virtual env, you will first need to install `GraphViz <http://graphviz.org/>`_

> On a Mac, this can be done via ``brew install graphviz``; on Ubuntu, use ``sudo apt install graphviz``; on Redhat variants use ``sudo dnf install graphviz``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Mac, this can be done via ``brew install graphviz``; on Ubuntu, use ``sudo apt install graphviz``; on Red Hat variants use ``sudo dnf install graphviz``.
```
